I'd like to start by explaining that police officers are vital to modern society, and most of my experiences with them have been respectful, understanding, and positive. Police officers put their lives on the line, juggling dozens of cases every week, desparately trying to shield the innocent sheep of America from the clutches of evil. The weight of the occupation demands a certain attitude, when the death threats pile up in your mailbox, and the media only ever disregards your experiences painting you as subhuman. Take it from me, for the things they have to stomach and accomplish regularly, they don't get paid anywhere near enough.

Ok. That's all the glaze on these donuts you gonna get from me. Frankly, law enforcement themselves cause most of the problems they encounter. Egregious fining, quick arrests, profiling based on history and records, I like the cops that give more warnings than fines. That can see and recognize that the best outcome is outside the system they are forced to bolster. This case is a prime example of a completely avoidable incident, that cost a man his livelihood, when no citizen was injured or hurt. How many billions have our governments taken from our pockets, justifying their actions for "our safety" ? For "potential threats" ? How many billions?

the story:

2 years ago on May 31st, 2024, 45 year old Rusty Moore drove home from his job in Minnesota, excited to go to his daughter's high school graduation. His daughter had made valedictorian. Rusty worked as a commercial semi truck driver from 6am to 5pm daily. That is around 12 hours of driving every single day.

Around 5:30 p.m., a concerned citizen called 911 to report a tan sedan traveling westbound on Highway 27 toward Little Falls, MN. The caller reported that the sedan was "driving all over the road." The citizen didn't just report it and drive away; they stayed on the phone with dispatch to provide live updates on Moore's location as he drove. Because the caller was actively tracking the car, a Minnesota State Patrol Trooper was dispatched to find the sedan. But before they could find it, a local Little Falls police officer—alerted by the dispatch broadcast—spotted the car.

The unnamed local officer pulled Moore over, citing three specific reasons: An inoperable taillight, a cracked windshield, and "jerky movements" while driving within his lane.

Enter Minnesota State Patrol Trooper and certified Drug Recognition Evaluator Megan Boser. She became a trooper in 2018. 29 years old, a 6 year decorated veteran in the field, with numerous experiences in high-intensity field encounters <https://dps.mn.gov/news/bca/bca-investigates-officer-involved-shooting-near-bowlus> . Previously a college softball Infielder (second base) for Bemidji State, go Beavers <https://bsubeavers.com/sports/softball/roster/megan-boser/5859> . The court documents also note her history as a Peace Officer.

Boser speaks to the Little Falls officer to begin her assessment. They discuss Rusty's record, which reveals a prior DWI from 2020, 4 years prior. Methamphetamine.

After watching the bodycam footage, I believe this is when she made up her mind to arrest Rusty.

Trooper Megan goes to the car and begins standard questioning. Notably, the other officer stands idley by the car on the otherside. Nervewrackingly close. For safety. Megan explains the recieved call, to which Rusty denies any wrongdoing. 

Unfortunately because this was a civil license-revocation appeal (Rusty James Moore v. Commissioner of Public Safety, decided in August 2025) rather than a high-profile media trial, the raw 911 call audio, dispatch transcripts, and full courtroom testimony transcripts have not been published online. The officers testify that the anonymous caller described the car and specified Moore's license plate. Important to note; Megan does not question Rusty at all about the cracked windshield or the inoperable taillight, and I for one cannot see these issues on the vehicle in the bodycam footage. Jerky movements while driving within his lane. Huh. Damn.

Without informing Rusty that involvement is optional, she plainly asks to begin sobriety tests. This is not illegal. It is a loophole, abused in so many law enforcement systems. From field sobriety tests to mental health check-ins, the law states you have the right to deny these things. And the officers are trained to avoid informing you of that. They are trained to smoothly and straightforwardly control the narrative and the suspect at all costs, abusing these loopholes to gain more evidence.

Rusty blows 0.0 on the breathalyzer. He then follows Trooper Megan to her car, where he passes a "count to 30 seconds like a monkey" test (modified Romberg test), and a "stand on one leg like a chimpanzee" test (one-leg-stand test). Off-camera there was a "look at this pen" test (horizontal gaze nystagmus (HGN) test), a "dot your eyes and cross your tees" test (lack-of-convergence  test), and a "dance monkey dance" test (walk-and-turn test). Though these tests are so assinine and broken, that the result is entirely subjective. Court reports present a whirlwind of entirely subjective opinion regarding the validity and performance of Rusty. Frankly, after researching these tests and trying to do them myself, I'm out of shape and cannot accomplish them. It seems that no matter the performance, or the nature of the suspect, these Drug-Recognition Officers are trained to embelish the truth to justify their own needs. The court records specify "trembling hands", "fast speech", "glassy eyes", "fidgeting", "clenching teeth". Are you fucking kidding me? These are all legally binding descriptions, these entirely subjective observations, different for every conducting officer and different reactions for every individual person, are actually used to jail, fine, and kill.

Like any human being Rusty is nervous, which is expected, he is far from a sauna. But Rusty isn't just any human being. In the video he explains his previous engagement with law enforcement, 5 years prior in 2020, resulted in him being tazed multiple times and beaten into a coma. Trooper Megan immediately responds with "Well you don't just get tazed 15 times for nothing." Fair point Trooper Megan. Here in America if you ask an officer to repeat themselves, you are at risk of death. If your eyes aren't bone dry, if your hands aren't as steady as stone, if you don't speak like an NPC, if you don't smile, your life is on the line. Then you die. <https://law.justia.com/cases/minnesota/court-of-appeals/2025/a24-1896.html>

Moore's pulse was at 130BPM. Personally, I am sitting here on my couch, drinking a grapefruit Fresca, sober unmedicated, and my BPM according to my fitbit is at 95. The legal range is 60-90, but for people like me with bad cholestoral, or like Rusty with high blood pressure and diabetes and a history of traumatic experiences with law enforcement, heart rate cannot be used to measure somebody's substance use at all.

Then the nail in the coffin. Trooper Megan asks Rusty about drug use, which Rusty explains he has been sober from meth for 5 years, and has an adderall prescription. Trying to be helpful (cardinal sin numero uno when dealing with this horse shit), Rusty offers to bring the prescription. Megan opens the pill bottle and finds 1 and a half pill. She now has official evidence that Rusty is not taking the prescription as prescribed, because the text on the bottle is not optional. The doctor's orders are not optional. They can and will be used against you in a court of law. I've been on adderall since 2019. On weekends, I half my dosage, as advised by my psychiatrist. But these DRE troopers don't care. They sound like ponies but move like snakes. Just like that, Trooper Megan informs Rusty he won't be making his daughter's graduation. Her opinion is God, and you have disobeyed her training. So the monopoly man says you go to jail.

This is a good time to remind you that 0 mosquitoes rabbits turtles or citizens were harmed by Rusty's driving. No officer observed Rusty's rampant driving. No report even details any information about the caller.

Rusty was held in jail overnight, missing the graduation. Trooper Megan obtained a search warrant and sent Rusty's blood to the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension, where the BCA report showed 0.034 milligrams per liter of Adderall in his blood. The district court determined that Moore failed to prove that he took Adderall according to a valid prescription, and concluded that he was impaired.

They revoked his Commercial Driver's License for life. He lost his job. His house foreclosed. His car impounded. Paying out of pocket for an interlock device (breathalyzer to start the car by Intoxalock <https://www.intoxalock.com/>). He lost his health insurance through his employer. He began smoking cigarettes again.

Is this the right outcome? Is this justice? A good friend of mine was killed by a drunk driver 8 years ago. Do incidents like this help her?

Fuck no.

Worldwide, humanity is plagued by things like this. People hired to help society, trained to fine jail and destroy us. Using every needle in every haystack to build a mountain of evidence on us, in the name of justice. America actually has it easy. Overseas, the fines and burdens are significantly worse. Insanely worse.

Rusty appealed. 2 years later, now in 2026, just this past May all criminal charges were dropped and the case was entirely dismissed. It turns out that 0.034 mg/L is well within the 30mg prescription doseage. Obviously his erratic manner was due to inherent stress and his diabetic neuropathy. The court refuses to assess witness credibility. This incident happened in 2024 and the court and law enforcement are still incredibly behind on delivering simple facts.

Rusty is in debt, does not have his CDL back, and needs help. His GoFundMe and cashapp are linked below.

Not to go all schizo on y'all, but while writing this in my home in Texas, very loud, sharp snaps have hit my windows and walls. Enough to make me jump. Deep unsettling feelings of being a dog in a FBI and CIA cage. My life on a page. Alas, this is a long story, for another time.

My two cents are this: never agree to field sobriety tests. Never never never. Over the past 30 years, millions of dollars have gone into county state and federal legislature, giving immense power to those with the guns and the badges. Millions is actually a conservative estimate. The Dogs use superfluous, disgusting vocabulary to hound us into submission. The average consumer has no ability anymore, for they have weaponized the nicest of niceities, and will destroy you with paperwork, fees, legislation, and words. Subjective opinion that fits documented definitions. Hundreds of thousands of lines of US code. For this world, and the next one, I pray people can see past their machines. Past their positivity. Past their safety. Past their definitions of justice. We the people are fucked. Unfortunately, the fuckery has just begun for all of us.

Thanks for reading,

CaptainBrando!

P.S. hey wouldn't it be insane if this story and all websites regarding it were AI?




